c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\Default.srprofile
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\BddVendasCSharp.dll.config
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\BddVendasCSharp.dll
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\BddVendasCSharp.pdb
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\Ionic.Zip.dll
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\SpecRun.SpecFlowPlugin.dll
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\TechTalk.SpecFlow.dll
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\TechTalk.SpecRun.dll
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\SpecRun.SpecFlowPlugin.pdb
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.xml
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\obj\Debug\BddVendasCSharp.dll
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\obj\Debug\BddVendasCSharp.pdb
c:\Users\cfc\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\obj\Debug\BddVendasCSharp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\Default.srprofile
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\BddVendasCSharp.dll.config
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\BddVendasCSharp.dll
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\BddVendasCSharp.pdb
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\Ionic.Zip.dll
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\SpecRun.SpecFlowPlugin.dll
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\TechTalk.SpecFlow.dll
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\TechTalk.SpecRun.dll
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\SpecRun.SpecFlowPlugin.pdb
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.xml
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\obj\Debug\BddVendasCSharp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\obj\Debug\BddVendasCSharp.dll
C:\K21\PrimeiroDia - Preparado para comecar\Net\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\obj\Debug\BddVendasCSharp.pdb
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.execution.desktop.dll
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\Default.srprofile
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\BddVendasCSharp.dll.config
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\BddVendasCSharp.dll
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\BddVendasCSharp.pdb
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\Ionic.Zip.dll
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.dll
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\SpecRun.SpecFlowPlugin.dll
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\TechTalk.SpecFlow.dll
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\TechTalk.SpecRun.dll
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\WebDriver.dll
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.dll
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.dll
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.dll
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.core.dll
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\nunit.framework.xml
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\SpecRun.SpecFlowPlugin.pdb
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\WebDriver.xml
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\WebDriver.Support.xml
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.abstractions.xml
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.pdb
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.assert.xml
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.core.pdb
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\bin\Debug\xunit.core.xml
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\obj\Debug\BddVendasCSharp.dll
C:\K21\CSD\GitHub\csdRJ_07_2017\BddVendas\BddVendasCSharp\obj\Debug\BddVendasCSharp.pdb
